Document CDDefaultCodeListingLanguage and CDDefaultModuleKind in context (#1603)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/formatting-your-documentation-content.md

| xml         | html, xhtml, rss, atom, xjb, xsd, xsl, plist, wsf, svg |
| yaml        | yml                                                    |

> If most of your code listings use the same language, set a catalog-wide default in your documentation catalog's `Info.plist` file using the `CDDefaultCodeListingLanguage` key.

Reviewer: minor: Some developers could interpret this "if ... set" phrasing as something they _should_ do but it's merely a suggestion of something they can do if they want to. I think adding a brief "you can set ..." makes it more clear that this is merely a suggestion. 

```suggestion
If most of your code listings use the same language, you can specify a catalog-wide default code listing language in your documentation catalog's (optional) `Info.plist` file using the `CDDefaultCodeListingLanguage` key.
```

Author: Applied suggestion.
